{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}}
\f0\fs24
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 1. HOME PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.1 PAGE COPY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 You have something real to say. Board misalignment, AI-generated sprawl, and fragmented messaging are burying it. Every week without a clear story is a week your competitors don't have to be better -- just louder.\par
\pard\sa120 Get your free story teardown\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.2 MOST FOUNDERS CAN FEEL WHEN THEIR STORY ISN'T WORKING.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b MOST FOUNDERS CAN FEEL WHEN THEIR STORY ISN'T WORKING.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The problem isn't your product. It's that your narrative hasn't caught up to what you actually built.\par
\pard\sa120 Investors nod politely. Customers need too much explaining. The board keeps reframing what you do. When the story is right, everything else gets easier.\par
\pard\sa120 Get your Story Teardown\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.3 WE WRITE YOUR TRANSFORMATION.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b WE WRITE YOUR TRANSFORMATION.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 You need a brand\par
\pard\sa120 that tells the truth\par
\pard\sa120 about what you're building\par
\pard\sa120 -- and why it matters.\par
\pard\sa120 You're the hero of this story -- not your product, not your pitch deck, not your category. You. The founder who saw something others missed and built something the world isn't ready for yet.\par
\pard\sa120 We give that story structure, voice, and conviction -- across every surface, every touchpoint, every room you walk into. So when you speak, people lean in. When they read, they remember. When they share, they're selling for you.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.4 COPY & NARRATIVE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b COPY & NARRATIVE\b0\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.5 BRAND & STORY AUDIT\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b BRAND & STORY AUDIT\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Find the leak before the ship goes down.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.6 BRAND STRATEGY + MESSAGING\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b BRAND STRATEGY + MESSAGING\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The blueprint for everything you'll ever say.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.7 NARRATIVE ARCHITECTURE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b NARRATIVE ARCHITECTURE\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Every surface. Every word. No seams.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.8 STORY & STRATEGY WORKSHOPS\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STORY & STRATEGY WORKSHOPS\b0\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.9 THE WRITER'S ROOM.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE WRITER'S ROOM.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 A leadership team that can't agree on the story is building on sand. We facilitate a half or full-day high-stakes workshop to force alignment and produce a core story spine in 48 hours.\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Pre-work questionnaire sent 1 week before\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Half or full-day facilitated session\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Live whiteboard documentation throughout\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- 48-hour turnaround on written session brief\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Narrative framework with core story spine\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Key messages for up to 3 audience segments\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- 1 follow-up call within 30 days\par
\pard\sa120 Request Room Access\par
\pard\sa120 Intensive deep dive. Face to face. Whiteboarding the future of your narrative in the room together.\par
\pard\sa120 Focused digital session. Shared screens. Rapid structural iteration with full documentation.\par
\pard\sa120 We believe in mission-driven work. Discounted rates available -- reach out and let's talk.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.10 STRATEGY IS NOT A GUESSING GAME. IT'S AN INTERROGATION.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STRATEGY IS NOT A GUESSING GAME. IT'S AN INTERROGATION.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Amy Kirkland\par
\pard\sa120 Co-Founder, Executive Producer & Impact\par
\pard\sa120 Patrick Kirkland\par
\pard\sa120 Co-Founder, Chief Narrative Architect\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.11 BACKGROUND\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b BACKGROUND\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Before Protagonist Ink, we spent a decade in the trenches of brand strategy and narrative architecture. We learned that most brands fail not because their ideas are bad -- but because they can't articulate why they matter. We left the big rooms to build something sharper.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 1.12 METHODOLOGY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b METHODOLOGY\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 We don't believe in "best practices." We believe in rigorous interrogation. We dismantle your current positioning and rebuild it around a single undeniable truth -- the one your founder knows in their gut but hasn't been able to articulate. It's not comfortable, but it works.\par
\pard\sa120 Start the interrogation\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 2. ABOUT PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.1 PAGE COPY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 CUT 00:00:01:24\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.2 EVERY BRAND IS LIVING A STORY.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b EVERY BRAND IS LIVING A STORY.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Most are losing theirs.\par
\pard\sa120 You've felt it -- the pitch that should have landed, the positioning that reads like everyone else's, the brand story that gets a polite nod but never a callback. Vision gets buried by noise, drift, and generic language. You don't lose because you're wrong. You lose because no one could place the stakes fast enough.\par
\pard\sa120 The Origin\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.3 IT STARTED WITH A REALIZATION.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b IT STARTED WITH A REALIZATION.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Two careers -- one in editorial strategy, one in agency creative. A late conversation that kept circling the same frustration: exceptional organizations were being overlooked not because they lacked merit, but because their narrative couldn't carry the weight of their work.\par
\pard\sa120 So we did what any two people on the edge of something do: we built a raft.\par
\pard\sa120 Ready to talk? Start a story teardown\par
\pard\sa120 Our Philosophy\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.4 WHAT WE BELIEVE .\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b WHAT WE BELIEVE .\b0\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.5 TRUTH\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b TRUTH\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Strategy without conviction is just noise. We start with what you actually believe, then build outward.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.6 TENSION\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b TENSION\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The line that lands changes the room. We find the sentence that carries your case without extra scaffolding.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.7 STORY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STORY\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Authenticity, passion, drama, thrill -- these aren't soft assets. They're the only things audiences remember.\par
\pard\sa120 " They found the story hiding in our own data.\par
\pard\sa120 " A brilliant writer and an insightful collaborator. The work we did together on Chevron's global redesign is something I'm still proud of.\par
\pard\sa120 " He sets the creative bar high, then manages to propel himself over top of it. A conceptual writer who was born with his pen in hand.\par
\pard\sa120 Examine the Evidence\par
\pard\sa120 INT. THE METHOD -- CONTINUOUS\par
\pard\sa120 Methodology & Process\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.8 HOW WE WORK.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b HOW WE WORK.\b0\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.9 DISCOVERY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b DISCOVERY\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 We start by listening. Brand audit, stakeholder conversations, audience mapping -- delivered as a Narrative Audit that reveals the story hiding in plain sight.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.10 ARCHITECTURE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b ARCHITECTURE\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Strategy meets screenplay. We build the narrative framework -- protagonist, conflict, stakes, and arc -- crystallized in a Messaging Architecture deck.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.11 INTEGRATION\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b INTEGRATION\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Story without execution is just daydreaming. We carry the narrative into a Brand Playbook spanning identity, messaging, campaigns, and culture.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.12 THE RESULT\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE RESULT\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Invisibility becomes recognition. Confusion becomes conviction. Same organization. New story. Different future.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.13 AMY KIRKLAND\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b AMY KIRKLAND\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Visionary -- Architect\par
\pard\sa120 " The architect of narrative structure at Protagonist Ink. Amy redefined digital storytelling by blending classical prose with disruptive cinematic techniques. "\par
\pard\sa120 After fifteen years shaping editorial strategy for brands across healthcare, education, and nonprofit, Amy recognized that most organizations didn't have a story problem -- they had a structure problem.\par
\pard\sa120 Her leadership turns manuscripts into movements. By viewing the written word through a 35mm lens, she bridges the gap between the page and the screen.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.14 PATRICK KIRKLAND\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b PATRICK KIRKLAND\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Operator -- Avant-Garde\par
\pard\sa120 " Master of the atmospheric. Patrick operates where the light hits the smoke, turning operations into an art form. "\par
\pard\sa120 A decade in agency creative -- from Chevron's global redesign at Elephant to conceptual campaigns for enterprise brands -- taught Patrick that great writing without great execution is just a mood board.\par
\pard\sa120 His philosophy of ' crushed blacks and high stakes ' has become the signature visual DNA of the collective.\par
\pard\sa120 SCENE 5 -- FADE IN\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 2.15 YOUR STORY ISN'T MISSING.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b YOUR STORY ISN'T MISSING.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 It's waiting.\par
\pard\sa120 Let's find it together.\par
\pard\sa120 Start your story teardown\par
\pard\sa120 INT. YOUR BRAND -- NOW\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 3. THE WORK PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 3.1 PAGE COPY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Protagonist Ink\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 3.2 THE WORK\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE WORK\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Narrative architecture in action. From friction to conviction, case by case.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 3.3 MOTION PICTURE ASSOCIATION\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b MOTION PICTURE ASSOCIATION\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 In its first brand campaign, the MPAA needed to earn awareness and trust by speaking directly to audiences for the first time.\par
\pard\sa120 01 STRATEGY-SESSION CAMPAIGN: "WHAT COMES NEXT?" BUSINESS: BRAND & CULTURE Motion Picture Association In its first brand campaign, the MPAA needed to earn awareness and trust by speaking directly to audiences for the first time.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 3.4 AIRTABLE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b AIRTABLE\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 After years helping startups and agencies kick ass, we helped Airtable launch its first national campaign.\par
\pard\sa120 02 STRATEGY-SESSION CAMPAIGN: THIS IS HOW BUSINESS: BRAND & CULTURE Airtable After years helping startups and agencies kick ass, we helped Airtable launch its first national campaign.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 3.5 CHEVRON\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b CHEVRON\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 It's the 21st Century.\par
\pard\sa120 03 STRATEGY-SESSION CAMPAIGN: REBRANDING A GIANT BUSINESS: BRAND & CULTURE Chevron It's the 21st Century.\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 4. REBRANDING A GIANT PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 5. THIS IS HOW PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 6. &QUOT;WHAT COMES NEXT?&QUOT; PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 7. THE STORY TEARDOWN PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.1 YOUR STORY IS BLEEDING REVENUE.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b YOUR STORY IS BLEEDING REVENUE.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Founders don't fail because their product is broken. They fail because their narrative is unrecognizable. We apply engineering rigor to your brand story.\par
\pard\sa120 Get a Free Story Analysis\par
\pard\sa120 or skip to the paid audit\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.2 THE CRISIS MIRROR\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE CRISIS MIRROR\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Diagnostic Phase\par
\pard\sa120 You are the protagonist. But the market sees a confused extra.\par
\pard\sa120 Most founders suffer from the "Curse of Knowledge." You know your product so well that you've forgotten what it's like not to know. You speak in features, specs, and internal shorthand. The market hears noise.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.3 SYMPTOMS OF NARRATIVE DEBT\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b SYMPTOMS OF NARRATIVE DEBT\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Investors nod politely but don't follow up.\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Sales cycles are dragging because prospects "need to think."\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - -- Marketing burns cash with zero attribution.\par
\pard\sa120 Every day your story leaks, you pay for it--in abandoned carts, in meetings that don't convert, in funding rounds that stall before the second slide. The curse of knowledge isn't a metaphor. It's the invisible ceiling on your revenue, and it compounds.\par
\pard\sa120 Our approach\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.4 EVERY FOUNDER HAS A STORY WORTH TELLING.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b EVERY FOUNDER HAS A STORY WORTH TELLING.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 You built something real. But somewhere between your vision and the way people experience it, the signal gets lost. We help founders articulate what makes them matter--so the right audience doesn't just understand your product, they feel it.\par
\pard\sa120 Protagonist Ink is a story strategy studio. We find the narrative thread that connects what you've built to the people it's built for--then we make it impossible to ignore.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.5 THE 5-MINUTE STORY LOOM.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE 5-MINUTE STORY LOOM.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Answer a few questions about your brand story. Within 48 hours, you'll receive a personalized Loom video diagnosing the narrative leaks costing you conversions.\par
\pard\sa120 No pitch. No follow-up unless you want one. Just a brutal, honest teardown of your story architecture.\par
\pard\sa120 Begin Your Audit\par
\pard\sa120 Book direct\par
\pard\sa120 Already know you need the full audit? Book direct\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.6 THE RESULTS.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE RESULTS.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Founders who stopped the bleeding\par
\pard\sa120 40+ narrative audits completed\par
\pard\sa120 Across SaaS, deep tech, and creative industries\par
\pard\sa120 " We'd been pitching for six months with polite rejections. After the audit, we closed our seed round in three weeks. The framing shift was that dramatic. "\par
\pard\sa120 Marcus T.\par
\pard\sa120 Founder, B2B SaaS\par
\pard\sa120 " I thought our problem was the product. It wasn't. It was that no one understood what we actually did in under 30 seconds. The redline was brutal and exactly what we needed. "\par
\pard\sa120 Priya K.\par
\pard\sa120 Co-Founder, Climate Tech\par
\pard\sa120 " The 'Soul Extraction' document became our internal north star. Every new hire reads it. It's the clearest articulation of what we're building and why it matters. "\par
\pard\sa120 James O.\par
\pard\sa120 CEO, Series A\par
\pard\sa120 A 5-minute teardown stops the bleeding.\par
\pard\sa120 A 5-day audit cures the disease.\par
\pard\sa120 Loved the teardown? There's more where that came from.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.7 THE STORY AUDIT.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE STORY AUDIT.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The free teardown shows you where the cracks are. This is the full treatment -- a one-time surgical intervention where we examine your story at every layer, from your core thesis to your live website, and hand you a single, indelible message that works in your deck, your homepage, and every cold email you send.\par
\pard\sa120 If we can't identify a fixable narrative leak in your first call, you pay nothing.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.8 ENGINEER-LED SURGERY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b ENGINEER-LED SURGERY\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 60-Min Live Diagnostic Call\par
\pard\sa120 We meet. We dissect. We rebuild your core thesis.\par
\pard\sa120 Redline Markup\par
\pard\sa120 A brutally honest annotation of your deck or site copy.\par
\pard\sa120 The Soul Extraction Plan\par
\pard\sa120 PDF. Your single indelible message + how to deploy it everywhere.\par
\pard\sa120 Brand Blueprint\par
\pard\sa120 The four-layer narrative architecture, documented.\par
\pard\sa120 Secure Your Spot -- $1,500\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.9 THE FOUR LAYERS WE EXAMINE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE FOUR LAYERS WE EXAMINE\b0\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.10 THE SPINE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE SPINE\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Your core thesis -- the single sentence that should anchor every conversation.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.11 THE SCRIPT\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE SCRIPT\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Messaging architecture: headlines, elevator pitch, email subject lines.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.12 THE STAGE\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE STAGE\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Deck, website, anywhere a prospect first forms an impression.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.13 THE SHOW\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE SHOW\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Distribution: what gets forwarded, remembered, and acted on.\par
\pard\sa120 Most founders have a leak in at least two of these layers.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.14 THE CHOICE.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE CHOICE.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Both paths lead to clarity. Pick the depth you need.\par
\pard\sa120 Free\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.15 STORY LOOM\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STORY LOOM\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 A 5-minute video teardown of your narrative blind spots.\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - First-impression audit of your homepage or pitch deck\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - Narrative gap identification\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - Delivered via personalized Loom within 48 hours\par
\pard\sa120 Send Your URL\par
\pard\sa120 $1,500\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.16 STORY AUDIT\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STORY AUDIT\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 A 5-day deep dive that rebuilds your narrative from the spine out.\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - The Spine -- your foundational narrative architecture\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - The Script -- rewritten homepage and pitch deck copy\par
\pard\li720\sa120 - The Stage -- content strategy and channel playbook\par
\pard\sa120 Book the Story Audit\par
\pard\sa120 "We'd been pitching for six months with polite rejections. After the audit, we closed our seed round in three weeks. The framing shift was that dramatic."\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.17 STOP GUESSING. START CONVERTING.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STOP GUESSING. START CONVERTING.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The free Loom shows you the leak. The Story Audit fixes it. Either way, you'll know more about your narrative in the next 72 hours than you have in years.\par
\pard\sa120 Not ready? Send your URL for the free teardown first\par
\pard\sa120 hello@protagonist.ink\par
\pard\sa120 Questions? hello@protagonist.ink\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.18 GOT QUESTIONS?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b GOT QUESTIONS?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The structural fine print\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.19 Q. WHO PERFORMS THE AUDIT?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b Q. WHO PERFORMS THE AUDIT?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Our senior strategists -- not contractors, not AI. The same team whose work you can see on our work page. You'll get a real human on your first call, and a real human's markup on your copy.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.20 Q. WHY IS THIS $1,500?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b Q. WHY IS THIS $1,500?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 This isn't copywriting, it's architecture. You're investing in clarity that changes how you pitch, present, and sell. One story that works can move a room or close a round. That's measurable ROI.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.21 Q. WHAT EXACTLY WILL I WALK AWAY WITH?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b Q. WHAT EXACTLY WILL I WALK AWAY WITH?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Three deliverables: A Story Audit, a Brand Blueprint, and a practical Narrative Roadmap (PDF) -- all pulling from the same foundation so your team, site, and fundraising speak with one voice.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.22 Q. HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b Q. HOW LONG DOES IT TAKE?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 One business week. We'll send it 3-5 days from when we begin, keeping you out of 'brand work limbo.'\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.23 Q. WILL THIS HELP ME RAISE?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b Q. WILL THIS HELP ME RAISE?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Without question. Investors fund clarity. If your pitch stalls at 'what do you actually do?', this process fixes that.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 7.24 Q. WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE FREE LOOM AND THE PAID AUDIT?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b Q. WHAT'S THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE FREE LOOM AND THE PAID AUDIT?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 The Loom is a high-level read on your biggest leak -- directional, fast, and free. The Audit is a surgical intervention across all four layers of your narrative, with deliverables your whole team can use.\par
\pard\sb480\sa220\b\fs56 8. THE INK PAGE\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 8.1 PAGE COPY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Protagonist Ink\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 8.2 THE INK\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b THE INK\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Frameworks, analyses, and architectural blueprints for brands that refuse to be ignored. Strictly signal. Zero noise.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 8.3 STORY WITHOUT A VOICE: AI'S NEED FOR HUMANITY\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b STORY WITHOUT A VOICE: AI'S NEED FOR HUMANITY\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 AI can write fast, but it can't tell your story. The missing piece is human judgment: defining the audience, the stakes, and the meaning before a single line.\par
\pard\sa120 01 2026-03-03 AI & Human Craft Story without a Voice: AI's Need for Humanity AI can write fast, but it can't tell your story. The missing piece is human judgment: defining the audience, the stakes, and the meaning before a single line. Read the latest ink\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 8.4 YOUR STORY SHAPES YOUR REALITY. YOU CAN CHANGE IT.\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b YOUR STORY SHAPES YOUR REALITY. YOU CAN CHANGE IT.\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 We all came up with stories growing up -- some to entertain us, some to keep us safe. But those stories that once drove our imagination can now keep us stuck. The more we grow up, the more crucial it is we rewrite the script.\par
\pard\sa120 02 2026-03-02 Founder & Creative Psychology Your Story Shapes Your Reality. You Can Change it. We all came up with stories growing up -- some to entertain us, some to keep us safe. But those stories that once drove our imagination can now keep us stuck. The more we grow up, the more crucial it is we rewrite the script.\par
\pard\sb280\sa120\b\ul\fs32 8.5 ARE YOU WRITING YOUR STORY? OR REACTING TO THEIRS?\ul0\b0\fs24\par
\pard\sa60 [HEADLINE]\par
\pard\sa180\b ARE YOU WRITING YOUR STORY? OR REACTING TO THEIRS?\b0\par
\pard\sa60 [BODY]\par
\pard\sa120 Most brands spend years chasing trends, rewriting taglines, and sounding like everyone else. This is the shift that turns a reactive brand into a Protagonist.\par
\pard\sa120 03 2026-03-03 Positioning & Messaging Are You Writing Your Story? Or Reacting to Theirs? Most brands spend years chasing trends, rewriting taglines, and sounding like everyone else. This is the shift that turns a reactive brand into a Protagonist.\par
}